build: Exclude Examples tests from Core tests, phony target (#3279)
acts-project/acts: docs/getting_started.md

| ACTS_BUILD_BENCHMARKS               | Build benchmarks<br> type: `bool`, default: `OFF`                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ACTS_BUILD_INTEGRATIONTESTS         | Build integration tests<br> type: `bool`, default: `OFF`                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS                | Build unit tests<br> type: `bool`, default: `OFF`                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_UNITTESTS                | Build unit testsfor examples<br> type: `bool`, default: `ACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS AND ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES`                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_UNITTESTS                | Build unit tests for examples<br> type: `bool`, default: `ACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS AND ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES`                                                                                                                |
```
